[Music]
[Applause]
why you keep waking up at the same time
every night as the following situation
ever happened to you you go to sleep
everything's fine and then all of a
sudden you wake up in the middle of the
night and even more bizarrely you always
wake up at the same time why does this
happen well it seems that Chinese
medicine has all the answers
Chinese medical practitioners believe
that it happens because of a blockage of
energy in one of your internal organs
but which organ is it and how can you
fix it let's try to figure it out
together but before you find out more
about your energy flows take a moment to
click subscribe to hang out on the
bright side of life
while you're at it hit the little
notification bell - now you won't miss
any of our updates ok so let's dive in
and discover all the details that
traditional Chinese medicine gives us
about energy flow and its connection to
the quality of our sleep
according to Chinese practitioners
chronic sleep disorders are usually
caused by a yin-yang imbalance this
imbalance in turn is caused by a
disruption in the flow of Qi energy in
your body Qi energy is believed to be
everywhere on earth when you're in good
physical condition Qi flows freely
through your body this means that all
your health problems including poor
sleep are indicating a chi blockage in a
certain internal organ and this is the
part where the Chinese organ body clock
enters the discussion to put it plainly
there's something called the Chinese
Meridian clock and it assumes that Qi
circulates through the 12 principal
meridians in your body which are all
related to certain internal organs this
cycle usually takes 24 hours and each of
your body systems is given 2 hours of Qi
charge time by the way the Chinese body
clock can help you to not only solve
your sleep issues but also improve your
eating habits
by making sure you get all the vitamins
and elements you need if you're
interested in finding out more and would
like us to make a video on this topic
hit the like button and leave a comment
below anyway Qi energy is drawn inward
at night to recharge our bodies so if
your sleep is always disrupted at a
particular time there's probably an
imbalance in one of your organ systems
because the energy can't pass through it
as a result you wake up so let's find
out exactly what's bothering you during
the early stages of sleep our endocrine
system rebalances itself and our blood
vessels become more active so if you
keep waking up between 9:00 p.m. and
11:00 p.m. this means that it's problems
with your immune system tyroid adrenal
glands or metabolism keeping you awake
if you find it difficult to fall asleep
during this time it may also be a sign
of excess stress and worry during the
day to improve the quality of your sleep
at this stage you can practice
meditation do bedtime yoga or Trice
excessive muscle tension and relaxation
exercises moreover you should do some
inside worth to try not to think about
your work problems at home instead use
these hours to relax take your mind off
everything that's going on and spend
some quality time with yourself
[Music]
if you tend to wake up between 11:00
p.m. and 1:00 a.m. and signals that you
probably have gall stones or need to
adjust your fat intake and start to eat
more healthy oils your gall bladder
produces bile which is needed for
digestion and absorption to break down
all the fat you've consumed during the
day your sudden sleep disruptions means
that there's something interrupting this
process emotionally speaking gallbladder
problems are also associated with
disappointment poor self-esteem
bitterness and resentment so to return
to normal sleeping you should not only
take a closer look at the health of your
internal organs but practice
unconditional self-acceptance and
forgiveness towards others as well if
you feel like these emotional issues
really do have a poisonous effect on
your life don't run away from them take
small steps toward accepting yourself
and others with all their flaws every
day this way you'll not only start to
sleep like a baby again but will develop
a true zest for life awakenings between
1 a.m. and 3 a.m. indicate that there
are too many toxins in your body for
your liver to deal with during this time
of night your body cleans itself out
removing waste materials from the blood
and other tissues to make it easier for
your liver to perform its functions
properly try to drink more pure water
and cut down on the amount of alcohol
and caffeine you consume if we take a
look at the emotional side of the
problem waking up between 1 a.m. and 3
a.m. points out problems with anger and
frustration guilt and even rage try to
analyze your everyday life and pinpoint
what triggers these negative emotions
maybe you aren't content with your work
or is it your complicated romantic
relationship that's to blame the earlier
you find the core of these unpleasant
feelings the easier it'll be for you to
find inner harmony and get back to a
good night
if you usually suffer from waking up
between 3:00 a.m. and 5:00 a.m. this
reveals problems with your lungs
according to the traditional Chinese
organ body clock your lungs are the
first organs that start filling with Qi
by collecting oxygen and moving it to
all the other systems in preparation for
a new day people who wake up at this
time usually have other strong symptoms
like coughing and sneezing or nasal
congestion all of this may also be
evidence of excess mucus or a poor diet
the lungs are connected to the emotions
particularly sadness and grief so waking
up at this time could be a sign that you
need to let go of these feelings your
job is not to suppress them but to allow
yourself to feel whatever you're feeling
without letting it control your life for
too long
breathing exercises can also help you
find peace and come to terms with your
emotions and feelings and finally if you
can't help but wake up between 5 a.m.
and 7 a.m. there's an imbalance in your
large intestine during these morning
hours the energy flow is concentrated on
helping your large intestine clear waste
from your body
constipation weight gain or even
premature aging are other scary signs of
this problem if you want to forget about
this once and for all you must make some
serious changes in your daily life take
care of yourself make it a habit to
stretch your muscles regularly regulate
your sleep cycle drink plenty of water
and use the bathroom after waking up
following these simple rules and
visiting the doctor will help you
navigate through the problem and solve
it if your health seems to be alright
and you have none of these symptoms it
may be the emotional side of the problem
you're dealing with the hours between 5
a.m. and 7 a.m. are associated with
emotional blockages the feeling of being
stuck and in patience don't be afraid to
express yourself and how you feel you
have every right to be upset depressed
or happy if something doesn't feel right
change it if you feel like you can't do
it
yourself and need help find a good
psychologist to go on this journey with
you it will take a lot of work to figure
out everything but once you do it'll
mark the start of your brand-new life
and there you go that's what you should
work on based on the time of your sudden
night awakenings if you are seriously
worried about the health of one of your
organs be sure to visit your doctor to
get all the necessary recommendations
and don't forget about the emotional
part of the problem as well working in
both directions will give you much
better results returning your sleeping
schedule to normal and improving your
quality of life at the same time so what
are you waiting for
start to change your life for the better
right now what do you think do these
descriptions match your situation and do
you think that the Chinese organ body
clock is correct share your opinions in
the comment section below
and let's discuss it don't forget to
give us a like and hit the subscribe
button to have fun on the bright side of
life with us right
[Music]